Complete the Zenodo CSV readme (#1730)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: tables/zenodo-upload/README.md

|   S2B     |  `figure-S2a-S2b-S2c-data.csv`  | Distributions of mutation VAFs from variant callers for PBTA data  | This compressed file contains data for all three panels S2A, S2B, and S2C. Caution: Uncompressed, this file is ~3.9 GB.   |
|   S2C     |  `figure-S2a-S2b-S2c-data.csv`  | Upset plot of overlap among variant callers for PBTA data  | This compressed file contains data for all three panels S2A, S2B, and S2C. Caution: Uncompressed, this file is ~3.9 GB.  |
|   S3D     |   `figure-S2d-S2e-S2f-data.csv`    |  Correlations of mutation VAFs from variant callers for TCGA data       | This compressed file contains data for all three panels S2D, S2E, and S2F. Uncompressed, this file is 13MB.            |
|   S2E     |   `figure-S2d-S2e-S2f-data.csv`  |  Distributions of mutation VAFs from variant callers for PBTA data         |   This compressed file contains data for all three panels S2D, S2E, and S2F. Uncompressed, this file is 13MB.           |

> |   S2F     |   `figure-S2d-S2e-S2f-data.csv`  | Upset plot of overlap among variant callers for TCGA data    |  This compressed file contains data for all three panels S2D, S2E, and S2F. Uncompressed, this file is 13MB.            |

Reviewer: Should we report compression here in the filenames (e.g., `figure-S2a-S2b-S2c-data.csv.gz`)? (I haven't looked at the upload itself at this point.)

Reviewer: I wonder if we might condense this:

```suggestion
|   S2A-C    |  `figure-S2a-S2b-S2c-data.csv`   | Correlations, distributions, and UpSet plot of mutation VAFs from variant callers for PBTA data, respectively   | This compressed file contains data for all three panels S2A, S2B, and S2C. Caution: Uncompressed, this file is ~3.9 GB.|
|   S3D-F     |   `figure-S2d-S2e-S2f-data.csv`    |  Correlations, distributions, and UpSet of mutation VAFs from variant callers for TCGA data, respectively       | This compressed file contains data for all three panels S2D, S2E, and S2F. Uncompressed, this file is 13MB.            |
```

Side note - the figure legend in the paper should probably be stylized as "UpSet" also ([Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UpSet_Plot)).

* We report the `FusionName` field from `pbta-fusion-putative-oncogenic.tsv` for fusions.
When reciprocal fusions are detected, we only report one – whichever comes first when partner genes are sorted alphabetically.

### Caveats

* Some `sample_id`-`composition` pairs map to multiple biospecimens of the same type (i.e., DNA and RNA).
When this occurs, the individual biospecimen identifiers are separated with semi-colons in the relevant column, and `multiple_assays_within_type` is marked as `TRUE`.
The alterations for a gene are the union of alterations detected in biospecimens (i.e., they are detected in at least one biospecimen).
* If multiple `cancer_type` or `broad_histology` values are associated with the same `sample_id`-`composition` pair, these values are semi-colon separated.
* `germline_sex_estimate` is only available for `sample_id`-`composition` pairs that were assayed with WGS.
* In two instances, multiple RNA biospecimens map to the sample `sample_id`-`composition` pair, and only one RNA biospecimen was assigned the `germline_sex_estimate` derived from the WGS data.
We only included the non-missing values in these rows.

> The `sample_id`s impacted are `7316-161` and `7316-85`.

Reviewer: Yea, the rendered version is even more confusing than having this not agree, in my opinion. That's why I didn't add the s earlier.

Author: Do not disagree.. will clean up.
